README.md, before:

# boulder.codes - Builders' Room

This is the official website for the Builders' Room hackathon, presented by boulder.codes as part of Boulder Startup Week. The site is built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) and deployed on [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/).

## Features

- Modern, responsive design with dark theme
- Fun, hip branding focusing on developer experience
- Registration form for hackathon participants
- Sponsor showcase and sponsorship tiers
- Detailed event schedule
- Information about past successes and project highlights
- Overview of boulder.codes initiatives and community

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Project Structure

- `/src/pages` - Page components and routes
- `/src/components` - Reusable UI components
- `/src/styles` - Global styles and theme configuration
- `/public` - Static assets (images, logos, etc.)
- `/public/images` - Event photos from previous events

## Deployment to Cloudflare Pages

The site is configured to deploy to Cloudflare Pages using the custom domain `buildersroom.boulder.codes`.

### Cloudflare GitHub Integration

This site uses Cloudflare Pages' built-in GitHub integration for automatic deployments:

1. When changes are pushed to the connected GitHub repository, Cloudflare automatically detects the changes
2. Cloudflare Pages builds the site according to the configured build settings
3. The built site is automatically deployed to Cloudflare's global network

No additional setup is required once the GitHub repository is connected to your Cloudflare Pages project.

#### Cloudflare Pages Build Configuration

When connecting your GitHub repository to Cloudflare Pages, use these build settings:

- **Build command:** `npm run build`
- **Build output directory:** `out`
- **Node.js version:** 18.x (or newer)

This ensures Cloudflare Pages correctly builds and serves the Next.js static export.

### Using the Deployment Script

For convenience, you can use the included deployment script:

```bash
./deploy.sh
```

### Manual Deployment

To manually deploy the site:

```bash
# Login to Cloudflare if not already logged in
npx wrangler login

# Build the project
npm run build

# Deploy to Cloudflare Pages
npx wrangler pages publish out --project-name=builders-room-bsw --branch=main
```

### Deployment Environment

The site is configured for static export optimized for Cloudflare Pages. Key configuration files:

- `next.config.js` - Contains export configuration
- `wrangler.toml` - Cloudflare Pages configuration
- `public/_headers` - Custom headers for Cloudflare
- `public/_redirects` - Redirect rules for client-side routing
- `workers-site/index.js` - Cloudflare Workers script for enhanced routing
- `functions/` - Cloudflare Functions for API endpoints
- `functions/api/register.js` - Registration API endpoint using D1 database

### Setting up the Custom Domain

After deploying to Cloudflare Pages, follow these steps to set up the custom domain:

1. Navigate to your project in the Cloudflare Pages dashboard
2. Go to the "Custom domains" tab
3. Click "Set up a custom domain"
4. Enter `buildersroom.boulder.codes` as the domain
5. Verify ownership by updating DNS settings as prompted
6. Wait for the domain to be verified (usually within minutes)

If the boulder.codes domain is already managed by Cloudflare, this process should be seamless. Otherwise, follow Cloudflare's instructions for adding the required DNS records.

### Setting up Cloudflare D1 for Registration Data (Optional)

The registration form uses Cloudflare D1 as a serverless SQL database to store participant data. This setup is optional for initial deployment, as the application will work in a fallback mode without the database. To set up the database for production use, follow these steps:

1. Log in to your Cloudflare account and ensure you have the latest Wrangler CLI:

```bash
npm install -g wrangler
```

2. Run the setup script:

```bash
cd scripts
./setup-d1.sh
```

This script will:
- Create a new D1 database named `builders_room_registrations`
- Apply the schema from `functions/schema.sql`
- Update your `wrangler.toml` with the correct database ID
- Generate and set a secure API key for accessing registration data

3. The setup script will display an API key for accessing registration data via the `/api/registrations` endpoint. Store this key securely.

4. To view registrations, make a GET request to `/api/registrations` with the Authorization header:

```
Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY_HERE
```

The registration data is stored securely in Cloudflare's D1 database and can be queried using Cloudflare's dashboard or API.

## Customization

### Sponsors

To update sponsor information, edit the `sponsorTiers` array in `/src/pages/sponsors.js`.

### Schedule

To update the event schedule, edit the `days` array in `/src/pages/schedule.js`.

### Content

Most text content can be edited directly in the page components in `/src/pages/`.

## Credits

- Built for Boulder Startup Week
- Hosted on [boulder.codes](https://boulder.codes)

Commit message:

Added email confirmation with Resend, updated locations to Galvanize & BSW HQ, removed BSW Pitch Competition section
- Integrated Resend.com for sending confirmation emails
- Added BSW branding and improved email template design
- Included links to RSVP on Sched and join Discord
- Added locations (Galvanize and Canyon Center) throughout the site
- Removed BSW Pitch Competition section from schedule
- Updated contact information to ryan@thresholdlabs.io

README.md, after:

# boulder.codes - Builders' Room

This is the official website for the Builders' Room hackathon, presented by boulder.codes as part of Boulder Startup Week. The site is built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) and deployed on [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/).

## Features

- Modern, responsive design with dark theme
- Fun, hip branding focusing on developer experience
- Registration form for hackathon participants
- Sponsor showcase and sponsorship tiers
- Detailed event schedule
- Information about past successes and project highlights
- Overview of boulder.codes initiatives and community

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Project Structure

- `/src/pages` - Page components and routes
- `/src/components` - Reusable UI components
- `/src/styles` - Global styles and theme configuration
- `/public` - Static assets (images, logos, etc.)
- `/public/images` - Event photos from previous events

## Deployment to Cloudflare Pages

The site is configured to deploy to Cloudflare Pages using the custom domain `buildersroom.boulder.codes`.

### Cloudflare GitHub Integration

This site uses Cloudflare Pages' built-in GitHub integration for automatic deployments:

1. When changes are pushed to the connected GitHub repository, Cloudflare automatically detects the changes
2. Cloudflare Pages builds the site according to the configured build settings
3. The built site is automatically deployed to Cloudflare's global network

No additional setup is required once the GitHub repository is connected to your Cloudflare Pages project.

#### Cloudflare Pages Build Configuration

When connecting your GitHub repository to Cloudflare Pages, use these build settings:

- **Build command:** `npm run build`
- **Build output directory:** `out`
- **Node.js version:** 18.x (or newer)

This ensures Cloudflare Pages correctly builds and serves the Next.js static export.

### Using the Deployment Script

For convenience, you can use the included deployment script:

```bash
./deploy.sh
```

### Manual Deployment

To manually deploy the site:

```bash
# Login to Cloudflare if not already logged in
npx wrangler login

# Build the project
npm run build

# Deploy to Cloudflare Pages
npx wrangler pages publish out --project-name=builders-room-bsw --branch=main
```

### Deployment Environment

The site is configured for static export optimized for Cloudflare Pages. Key configuration files:

- `next.config.js` - Contains export configuration
- `wrangler.toml` - Cloudflare Pages configuration
- `public/_headers` - Custom headers for Cloudflare
- `public/_redirects` - Redirect rules for client-side routing
- `workers-site/index.js` - Cloudflare Workers script for enhanced routing
- `functions/` - Cloudflare Functions for API endpoints
- `functions/api/register.js` - Registration API endpoint using D1 database

### Setting up the Custom Domain

After deploying to Cloudflare Pages, follow these steps to set up the custom domain:

1. Navigate to your project in the Cloudflare Pages dashboard
2. Go to the "Custom domains" tab
3. Click "Set up a custom domain"
4. Enter `buildersroom.boulder.codes` as the domain
5. Verify ownership by updating DNS settings as prompted
6. Wait for the domain to be verified (usually within minutes)

If the boulder.codes domain is already managed by Cloudflare, this process should be seamless. Otherwise, follow Cloudflare's instructions for adding the required DNS records.

### Setting up Cloudflare D1 for Registration Data (Optional)

The registration form uses Cloudflare D1 as a serverless SQL database to store participant data. This setup is optional for initial deployment, as the application will work in a fallback mode without the database. To set up the database for production use, follow these steps:

1. Log in to your Cloudflare account and ensure you have the latest Wrangler CLI:

```bash
npm install -g wrangler
```

2. Run the setup script:

```bash
cd scripts
./setup-d1.sh
```

This script will:
- Create a new D1 database named `builders_room_registrations`
- Apply the schema from `functions/schema.sql`
- Update your `wrangler.toml` with the correct database ID
- Generate and set a secure API key for accessing registration data

3. The setup script will display an API key for accessing registration data via the `/api/registrations` endpoint. Store this key securely.

4. To view registrations, make a GET request to `/api/registrations` with the Authorization header:

```
Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY_HERE
```

The registration data is stored securely in Cloudflare's D1 database and can be queried using Cloudflare's dashboard or API.

### Setting up Email Confirmations with Resend

The site sends confirmation emails to registered participants using [Resend](https://resend.com). To set up email confirmations:

1. Create an account at [resend.com](https://resend.com)
2. Create a new API key in your Resend dashboard
3. Add the API key to your Cloudflare environment:

```bash
# Using Wrangler CLI
npx wrangler secret put RESEND_API_KEY
# Then paste your API key when prompted
```

Alternatively, you can add the secret via the Cloudflare dashboard:
1. Go to Workers & Pages > Your Project > Settings > Environment variables
2. Add a new variable named `RESEND_API_KEY` with your Resend API key as the value
3. Set the environment to "Production" and/or "Preview" as needed

Once configured, confirmation emails will be sent automatically when users register for the hackathon.

## Customization

### Sponsors

To update sponsor information, edit the `sponsorTiers` array in `/src/pages/sponsors.js`.

### Schedule

To update the event schedule, edit the `days` array in `/src/pages/schedule.js`.

### Content

Most text content can be edited directly in the page components in `/src/pages/`.

## Credits

- Built for Boulder Startup Week
- Hosted on [boulder.codes](https://boulder.codes)
